hey guys so today i am doing a first in
question this is my first time ever
doing a question question the product
that i will be reviewing today will be
the scandal eyes rocking curve by rimmel
mascara and I saw this impress line of
yesterday when I went looking for stuff
and I thought oh look it was on sale as
well and it was new so of course I had
to get it and try it out for myself so
instead of just trying it out and then
giving you a review I just wanted to
show you I just wanted to do a first
impression because I thought it would be
fun and I love watching first
impressions so yes so if the packaging
is really catchy like a call my eyes
straight away he feels like snakeskin
this is really um which is really
interesting well okay so if the brush is
like this it is a really funky brush and
its really curvy as well so I don't know
if I like that I'm not too sure because
I've never seen a brush like this before
I'll go ahead and put it on my eyelashes
so now put on both eyelashes and we go
ahead and put the lash accelerator and
listen scar Byron as well which I really
love this one I just started using it
because my friend had one and I used it
for her to do her makeup and I really
like this well I decided to use it for
myself and it's really linked min and
separates the eyelashes really nicely
whereas this one as you saw while I was
pulling putting it on it does cramp up
your eyelashes I found and it is really
messy I found it to be really messy I
think it's because of the design of the
brush which is really curly so it's
really like difficult to kind of control
the way you put it on your eyelashes yes
so I don't know about this mascara mm i
don't know i mean like using it like
this which it does give you a lot of
volume and then putting this one on top
I do like the finish of it but on his
own I don't think I'd be able to use it
on his phone just because of that just
because what the clumping up of the
eyelashes Oh guys so my camera ended up
dying in a head to wait for it for the
battery to you know revitalize itself
but overall this mascara is okay I mean
not really for me but if you do like the
spidery look and stuff like that it'll
probably be best for you if you like
this video please give it a thumbs up
and comment down below if you have tried
this or if you're going to try it and
please comment down below of any video
suggestions that you guys might have for
me and I'll be sure to do them for you
thank you for watching and please
subscribe if you haven't thank you so
much five